[Delegation Toolkit] Advanced Permissions improvements (#2438)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: delegation-toolkit/concepts/advanced-permissions.md

`wallet_grantPermissions` requires a `signer` parameter, which identifies the entity requesting or managing the permission.
Common signer implementations include wallet signers, single key and multisig signers, and account signers.

> The Smart Accounts Kit supports multiple types of signers, but [an account signer is used in this documentation's examples](../guides/advanced-permissions/execute-on-metamask-users-behalf.md) as a common implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Smart Accounts Kit supports multiple signer types. The documentation uses [an account signer](../guides/advanced-permissions/execute-on-metamask-users-behalf.md) as a common implementation example.
```

Reviewer 2: @bgravenorst @AyushBherwani1998 Btw, we should come to a consensus on how we refer to this kit. In the [rebrand PR](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-docs/pull/2421), we refer to it as "the Smart Accounts Kit" where applicable, instead of just "Smart Accounts Kit." I think this makes more sense, as it replaces "the Delegation Toolkit."

With an account signer, a session account is created and used for the single purpose of requesting and redeeming

> Advanced Permissions, and does not contain tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you use an account signer, a session account is created solely to request and redeem Advanced Permissions, and doesn't contain tokens
```

Reviewer 2: I know this is already merged, but missing a period here.

Author: Nice catch, have you included in any other PR already? If not, I can push with the PR I'm working on.

Reviewer 2: Feel free to add to your PR -- I will work on another PR updating all the URLs/redirects on Monday and address any remaining fixes then.

> Advanced Permissions (ERC-7715) permissions, and does not contain tokens.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Advanced Permissions, and does not contain tokens.
```

The session account can be granted with permissions and redeem them as specified in [ERC-7710](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-7710).
The session account can be a smart account or an externally owned account (EOA).

The MetaMask user that the session account requests permissions from must be upgraded to a [MetaMask smart account](smart-accounts.md).

## Advanced Permissions (ERC-7715) vs. delegations

> Advanced Permissions (ERC-7715) expands on regular [delegations](delegation/index.md) by enabling permission sharing *via the MetaMask browser extension*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Advanced Permissions expand on regular [delegations](delegation/index.md) by enabling permission sharing *via the MetaMask browser extension*.
```
